1 Import House prediction dataset from Kaggle and find out the total missing value from
the dataset and fill the missing value and visualize the data in heat map.
2 Create a dummy database (.csv file) from below figure and Split the data into two
parts(dependent and independent variable) ,find out the total missing value from above
dataset and encode the total number of columns into categorical value into numeric
value.
3 Write a python code to implement a decision tree for the below given dataset. Identify the root
node and all subparts or children of the node and draw the tree.

 4 Write a python code to implement a decision tree for Iris Dataset (from sklearn.dataset import
load_iris) dataset. Identify the root node and all subparts or children of the node and draw the
tree

5 Write a python code to implement the K-nearest neighbourhood program for the given dataset.

6 Write a python code to implement the K-nearest neighbourhood program for the Breast Cancer
Wisconsin Dataset (from sklearn.dataset import load_breast_cancer) dataset.Obtain model
accuracy,generate classification report.

7 Write a python code to apply Naive Bayesian algorithm to classify that whether a person can buy
computer or not based on given test data

8 Write a python code to apply Naive Bayesian algorithm to classify whether a person can survive
or not for Titanic Dataset (https://www.openml.org/d/42438) and obtain model accuracy

9 Implement support vector machine approach to predictive modelling for Diabetes (from
sklearn.dataset import load_diabetes) datasets. Also, evaluate the model.

10 Implement support vector machine approach to predictive modelling for iris (from
sklearn.dataset import load_iris) datasets. Also, evaluate the model.

11 Implement a python program that takes interest rate (x), finds the equation that best fits the data
and is able to forecast out median home price for given interest rate using the data given below.
(Use linear regression)

12 Using the Multiple Linear Regression approach solve the problem of predicting home price in
monroe, new jersey (USA) Below is the table containing home prices in monroe twp, NJ. Here
price depends on area (square feet), bed rooms and age of the home (in years). Given these prices
we have to predict prices of new homes based on area, bed rooms and age.

13 Consider the below dataset and This database contains hiring statistics for a firm such as experience
of candidate, his written test score and personal interview score. Based on these 3 factors, HR will
decide the salary. Given this data, you need to build a machine learning model for the HR department
that can help them decide salaries for future candidates.

14 Implement Logistic Regression approach to predictive modelling for Diabetes (from
sklearn.dataset import load_diabetes) datasets. Also, evaluate the model

15 Build a prediction model using regression technique for Boston house-prices (from
sklearn.dataset import load_boston) Also, evaluate the model

16 Write a python code to implement Apriori algorithm, apply join and prune method and find
frequent item sets.

17 Implement Apriori algorithm in python to find rules which explain association between different
products for given transactions at a retail store. (The data is available
athttps://drive.google.com/file/d/1NUXoptUlHY8z4KcFKpFA6sQN5KnWzk3p/view ?us
p=sharing)


18 Implement unsupervised machine learning algorithm (Clustering – K Means) in python on
Titanic dataset (https://www.openml.org/d/42438) to cluster data by removing the class label.Use
elbow method to find the optimal number of clusters.


19 Implement unsupervised machine learning algorithm (Clustering – K Means) in python on Breast
Tumour dataset to cluster data (use Breast Tumour dataset) by removing the class label.


20 Implement an unsupervised machine learning algorithm (Clustering – K Means) in python on the
below dataset to cluster data by removing the class label.Use elbow method to find the optimal
number of clusters.